Happy
A happy expression may include crow's feet wrinkles, raised mouth corners, pushed up cheeks and movement from muscle that orbits the eye. Happiness on the face is intrinsically positive and is often associated with a state of mind that reflects contentment, satisfaction, pleasure or joy. It also reflects confidence and calm.

Neutral
A neutral expression is characterised by an expressionless face with muscles. It reflects stability and confidence. However, if one or both corners of the lip are tightened, the expression may be likened to that of contempt. The microexpressions define the thoughts behind the expression.

Disgust
A disgusted expression may include a wrinkled nose, raised upper lip, raised cheek and furrowed or raised eyebrows. It is a response associated with things that are unsanitary or offending. This is undesirable for a formal situation and must be contained.

Surprise
Surprise is an instinctual response, as humans are hard-wired to be alert at all times. This emotion always occurs fast, as someone responds to a stimulus that is exciting, novel or unexpected. Although it occurs only briefly, it is very clear. Their mouth will drop, and open, as their eyebrows are raised. Eyes widening are also a sign of surprise, and the entire emotion flicks past in about 1/5th of a second. If it lasts longer than this, it’s a good indication the emotion is being exaggerated, or faked entirely.

Anger
An angry expression includes eyebrows down and together, glaring or bulging eyes and narrowed lips. It is often associated within the range of minor irritation to intense rage. Anger is associated with the fight or flight brain response when a person is introduced to an experience that causes them to feel threatened or in pain. An easily angered person is considered unstable and prone to quick reactions and judgements.

Fear
The biggest indicator of fear is widened eyes, with the lower eyelids tense as the upper eyelids are raised. Their eyebrows will be raised and pulled together, while the corners of the mouth are stretched and pulled back. Excessive swallowing is also an indicator a person is feeling fearful. Fear is associated with a lack of confidence, being caught doing something a person should not have been doing or feeling threatened in general.

Sadness
Sadness is an emotion that is often associated with the feelings of disadvantage, loss, and helplessness. Sadness is characterized by a facial expression that causes someone to lower the corners of their mouth, raise the inner portion of their brows, droop upper eyelids and lose focus in the eyes.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Attitude can be defined as a response to people, places, things, or events in life. It can be referred to as a person's viewpoint, mindset or beliefs. A person's attitude towards people, places, things, or situations determines the choices that the person make.

Positive attitude or thinking reflects a healthy way of looking at things and the ability to work past hurdles with a healthy mindset. The associated traits are confidence, cheerfulness, flexibility, determination and tolerance. On the other hand, an overly positive response to everything may lead to optimism bias, refusal to face reality and lack of realism in approaching situations.

While negative thinking or attitude, in a lot of contexts, reflects pessimism, frustration, resentment, anger and doubt, it is also a trait of people who believe that failure is also a probable possibility and thus, perform risk management. People in negative mood are also shown to produce better quality and persuasive arguments.

Neutral attitude is a reflection of complacence, indifference or a possibly healthy combination of positive and negative. It may also show a lack of opinion about a person, object or event.